----------------------------Read Me File----------------------
For Part 3 there 3 Java files that will be dirctly used
    Main.java
    Problems.java
    SolveUtil.java



Main.java contains the code that will run the program.

Problems.java contains code that will run specificall my section of the code. The method, problem_3(), runs all the required methods and creates the files containing all the necessary generated values. Details about what exactly goes on through the problem_3() method are given in Problem 3.docx. In that document, there are also the necessary graphs and thourough explanations about them.

SolveUtil.java contains the power_method() method that is called every time we need to use the power method.


The folder Prob 3 files contains the files that our program wrote out to. Details of the specific numbers that were written can be found in the word document. These files were compiled into Problem 3.xlsx for analysis and graph creation.

Problem 3.xlsx contains the data from the computer generated matrices and powermethod. It also contains the scatterplots from the data. More infomation on these graphs are also provided in the word document.


-------------------------Running The Program---------------------

1. Make sure you are in the source directory of the git file 	(Math2605/src)
2. Compile the Main java class
	javac Main.java
3. Run the class file
	java Main
4. You will be prompted with the ability to test any of the methods we've written



5. Problem 3 is running in the background. Also, it has been run previously to get the data needed to make the scatterplots
	a) matrices being created
	b) inverses being calculated
	c) calling the power method 600 times
	d) writing all the data values to separate files

	the prompt will now show all the information you need.

6) At this point, you should be done executing each part and all information asked to be printed should be shown in the word document. 

Please see all the files in the Part 3 folder for all the answers requested. Thanks!
